Currently I'm not actually teaching any able-bodied classes, but I am co-teaching a class for children with autism.
And I've been doing that for a year. And I never thought I'd be involved with children.
How does yoga work with autism?
It's great. With autism you have to have the maths the same every week.
You have to do some of the same things every week, so they've got their routine.
They like the routine and it's just really good for them. And it improves their concentration.
They just really enjoy it. We're talking about older children here.
We did have mixed, to start with, younger ones, but that didn't work out.
These seem to be all about, I don't know, 12 onwards, 12 to about 16.
And there's one young man who's 25, but mentally his age is a bit different.
So they're a bit more focused about age then, I guess.
Yes, I think so. But even the younger ones who come in, it worked for a while,
but they didn't leave because they didn't like it. They left for other reasons.